So now we have one more solution that we're going to integrate in with the CDK.
So first,
let's take a look at Globomantics and what Josh is working to implement.
So he has successfully built the API tier for his proof of concept; however,
he still needs to do a few things.
First of all,
he's going to create a custom container for a Node.js Express web server,
and he's then going to deploy the container to AWS using Fargate.
He then needs to implement a load balancer for the service.
So let's quickly go back, and let's look at the sample
architecture that we've discussed over this course.
And right now, we have already implemented this.
We've been able to get our documents bucket in place, we have our API,
which connects to a Lambda function to query our S3 bucket, and
we have a VPC setup that, really to be honest,
we haven't used yet.
So here within this module,
we're going to be walking through implementing the remaining steps,
having a web server service that's deployed behind a load balancer, and then
storing our container image within the container registry.
So here's what we're going to be doing.
So first, we're going to be reviewing the container services on AWS.
This is going to be a really quick run through.
It's not designed to give you the full context,
but if you're new to the container services,
it will give you an overview.
We're then going to be creating a TypeScript and Express Docker container.
We'll then be deploying our Docker container using AWS Fargate, and then
we'll be verifying our Fargate deployment.
And once we get through all of that, I'm going to be discussing next steps that you can take with the CDK.